[Music]
these swamps are home to Zuni Tyrannis a
midsize Taranis or
and they're also home to this weird
creature northren ibis it's actually a
close relative of the Terran saw
but with one major difference northren
acres has given up eating meat here
the Tyrannosaurus the top predator
[Music]
there is no sores had been a mystery for
decades known only from tantalizing
fragments that all changed with the
discovery of northren acres it gave us
our clearest look at this strange group
of dinosaurs it walked upright on short
stocky legs it had wine hips and a long
neck its teeth showed that these weren't
the teeth of a killer far from its
ferocious Tyrannosaur cousins this
pot-bellied dinosaur had evolved into a
strict vegetarian but armed with
viciously long claws on its forearms it
was by no means defenseless
[Applause]
by becoming a plant-eater northren ICA's
has easy access to food and because it
works on two legs
it can use its claws to pull down
branches to reach leaves nostra nycos
thrives here because it doesn't compete
with the Tyrannosaurus for food